c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Rose.TextFramework\Rose.Test\bin\Debug\Rose.Test.exe.config
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Rose.TextFramework\Rose.Test\bin\Debug\Rose.Test.exe
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Rose.TextFramework\Rose.Test\bin\Debug\Rose.Test.pdb
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Rose.TextFramework\Rose.Test\bin\Debug\Rose.Common.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Rose.TextFramework\Rose.Test\bin\Debug\Rose.TextFramework.Moduling.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Rose.TextFramework\Rose.Test\bin\Debug\Rose.TextFramework.Parsing.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Rose.TextFramework\Rose.Test\bin\Debug\Rose.Common.pdb
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Rose.TextFramework\Rose.Test\bin\Debug\Rose.TextFramework.Moduling.pdb
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Rose.TextFramework\Rose.Test\bin\Debug\Rose.TextFramework.Parsing.pdb
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Rose.TextFramework\Rose.Test\obj\Debug\Rose.Test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Rose.TextFramework\Rose.Test\obj\Debug\Rose.Test.exe
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Rose.TextFramework\Rose.Test\obj\Debug\Rose.Test.pdb
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Rose.TextFramework\Rose.Test\bin\Debug\Rose.TextFramework.Voice.dll
c:\users\sasha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Rose.TextFramework\Rose.Test\bin\Debug\Rose.TextFramework.Voice.pdb
C:\Users\Sasha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Rose.TextFramework\Rose.Test\bin\Debug\Rose.TextFramework.RoseMark.dll
C:\Users\Sasha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Rose.TextFramework\Rose.Test\bin\Debug\Rose.TextFramework.RoseMark.pdb
C:\Users\Sasha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Rose.TextFramework\Rose.Test\bin\Debug\Rose.TextFramework.Lingvo.dll
C:\Users\Sasha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Rose.TextFramework\Rose.Test\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
C:\Users\Sasha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Rose.TextFramework\Rose.Test\bin\Debug\Rose.TextFramework.Lingvo.pdb
C:\Users\Sasha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Rose.TextFramework\Rose.Test\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Users\Sasha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Rose.TextFramework\Rose.Test\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\Sasha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Rose.TextFramework\Rose.Test\bin\Debug\Rose.TextFramework.UI.Models.dll
C:\Users\Sasha\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Rose.TextFramework\Rose.Test\bin\Debug\Rose.TextFramework.UI.Models.pdb
